---
title: "[boostcamp AI Tech][Day 10] It's Already Friday Again"
date: 2022-09-30 21:00:00 + 0900
categories: [boostcamp AI Tech, Day in Review]
tags: [boostcamp, pytorch, level 1, week 2, day in review] # TAG names should always be lowercase
math: true
---

> **Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious.** - Henry Brendan Gill

---

# Day in Review

## First "Special" Peer Session

Today, we had our special peer session for the first time. Each student was assigned to a random zoom meeting room so that we could talk to people besides our teammates. It was interesting to talk to other people and see how they are doing. Variety is always good, I guess.

## Master Session: Data-centric AI

The boostcamp director gave us a lecture on data-centric AI and also gave general career advice. Basically, models have been perfected over the decade and the big difference you can make in your model is now having good data. And he told us that there are key things that ML engineers need to know:

1. MLOps
2. database
3. Cloud - AWS, GCP, Azure
4. Spark (+ Hadoop)
5. Linux + Docker
6. and maybe Kubernetes and KubeFlow, MLFlow, Airflow

That's a whole lot to learn besides following the boostcamp programme.

# PyTorch Lectures

I finished watching this week's lectures. The last three that I watched today were on Multi-GPU, hyperparameter tuning, and troubleshooting. They were easy to follow along but I am sure when it comes to implementation, I will have difficulty.

---

# Summary

I am really enjoying learning but there is just so much. It will be very important to manage the load very well. In the end, I just have to study efficiently and study longer hours. I just have to take it one by one. Just, just, just... Only if everything was simple as saying the word "just". Regardless, I press on.


---
