---
title: "[boostcamp AI Tech][Day 3] First Mentor Session and VS Code Extensions"
date: 2022-09-21 10:00:00 + 0900
categories: [boostcamp AI Tech, Day in Review]
tags: [boostcamp, ai math, level 1, week 1]	# TAG names should always be lowercase
---

- - -

> **The computing field is always in need of new cliches.** - Alan Perlis

- - -

- [Things I Did](#things-i-did)
  - [Peer Session](#peer-session)
    - [Derivative of the Mean Square Error (MSE) (Incomplete)](#derivative-of-the-mean-square-error-mse-incomplete)
    - [The difference between Gradient Descent(GD) and Stochastic Gradient Descent(SGD)](#the-difference-between-gradient-descentgd-and-stochastic-gradient-descentsgd)
    - [Batch Size, Epoch, Iteration](#batch-size-epoch-iteration)
      - [Epoch](#epoch)
      - [Batch Size](#batch-size)
      - [Then what is a batch?](#then-what-is-a-batch)
      - [Iterations](#iterations)
  - [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)
    - [Useful VS Code shortcuts I learned today](#useful-vs-code-shortcuts-i-learned-today)
    - [Here are some VS Code extensions I installed today](#here-are-some-vs-code-extensions-i-installed-today)
- [Things I Will](#things-i-will)
  - [Tomorrow](#tomorrow)
  - [Down the Line](#down-the-line)
- [Day in Review](#day-in-review)


# Things I Did

## Peer Session

### Derivative of the Mean Square Error (MSE) (Incomplete)

Firstly, let's talk about [linear regression](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linear_regression). Acording to Wikipedia:
> In statistics, linear regression is a linear approach for modelling the relationship between a scalar reponse and one or more explanatory variable. The case of one explanatory variable is called simple linear regression; for more than one, the process is called multiple linear regression.

### The difference between Gradient Descent(GD) and Stochastic Gradient Descent(SGD)

In both GD and SGD, you update a set of parameters in an iterative manner to minimize an error funcion.

While in GD, you have to run through all the samples in your training set to do a single update for a parameter in a particular  iteration. In SGD, on the other hand, you use only one or subset of training sample from your training set to do the update for a parameter in a particular iteration. If you use a subset, it's called Minibatch Stochastic Gradient Descent.

Thus, if the number of training samples are large, in fact very large, then using gradient descent may take too long because in every iteration when you are updating the values of the parameters, you are running through the complete training set. On the other hand, using SGD will be faster because you use only one training sample and it starts improving itself right away from the first sample. ([Source](https://www.quora.com/Whats-the-difference-between-gradient-descent-and-stochastic-gradient-descent))

### Batch Size, Epoch, Iteration

#### Epoch
One epoch is when an ENTIRE dataset is passed forward and backward through the neural network once.

#### Batch Size
Batch size is the total number of training examples present in a single batch.

#### Then what is a batch?
It's the partions of the dataset that were divided.

#### Iterations

Iterations is the number of batches needed to complete one epoch.

> $dataset = number~of~batches \times iterations$
>
- - -	

## Miscellaneous

### Useful VS Code shortcuts I learned today

1. `Ctrl + K, V` = Markdown: open preview to the side (and now that I've installed Mardown All in One, it also closes it if it's open)
    *  I was actually using MarkdownPad 2 to write in a Onedrive folder and then copied it to the Github Page folder for some reason. What an unoptimal workflow
2. `Ctrl + K, Z` = Zen Mode: basically one-ups F11. It removes even more clutter that you only see the coding page.

### Here are some VS Code extensions I installed today
1. [Markdown All in One](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yzhang.markdown-all-in-one): this seems like the ultimate extension for Markdown. It has so many features:
   1. Keyboard shortcuts such as
      1. `Ctrl + B` to toggle bold
      2. `Ctrl + I` to toggle italics
      3. `Ctrl + Shift + [ or ]` to toggle heading (downlevel or uplevel)
   2. Automatically table of contents: just run the command "Create Table of Contents" in VS Code Command Palette and see magic
   3. List editing that uses `Enter`, `Tab`, `Backspace` keys to add and indent lists deeper or shallower.
   4. Table Foramtter by the shortcut `Alt + Shift + F`
   5. Math by using [Markdown+Math](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=goessner.mdmath) extension
   6. Auto completions
   7. Ability to paste link on selected text
   8. And ability toggle "Open Preview" shortcut.
2. [Paste Image](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mushan.vscode-paste-image): this extension paste image directly (`Ctrl + Alt + V`) from clipboard to Markdown and saves the image in the folder that contains the current editing file. I actually had some trouble with the settings but I managed in the end. I better learned how this Jekyll thing works at least.
3. [Markdown Emoji](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bierner.markdown-emoji): because who doesn't like emjois.
   1. Adds support for `:emoji:` syntax to VS Code's built-in markdown preview :+1: :smile: :carrot: :rocket: :cry:
   2. Adds support for `:emoji:` to markdown cells in VS Code's notebooks.

I was very pleasantly surprised how there are so many free open source extensions on VS Code to improve productivity and functionality to the software. It's no wonder why so many people recommend VS Code. It's an eco-system that you can't code without once you've set it up and personalized it.
- - -
  
# Things I Will

## Tomorrow

1. Watch the later lectures on Boostcourse
2. Exercise in the morning
3. Study the book, "Mathematics for Machine Learning" ([this is the book](https://mml-book.github.io/book/mml-book.pdf))

## Down the Line
1. Start preparing for coding tests
2. Read some research papers
3. Learn Regular Expression.

# Day in Review

It was another decent day. We had an "Introduce your Team" Zoom meeting in the morning and I spent the entire afternoon installing VS Code extensions and setting it up. I've started to get the hang of Markdown and Github Pages as well. Then in the evening, we had our first mentor session. Our mentor was energetic and inspirational. He provided us with tons of priceless information and I got to better understand what I have to do (and there is a lot of it). The following five months will be an interesting joruney.
