---
title: Day 1 of Boostcamp AI Tech
date: 2022-09-19 22:00:00 + 0900
categories: [Boostcamp AI Tech, Week 1]
tags: [ml, boostcamp, machine learning, ml, ai, artificial intelligence, blog]	# TAG names should always be lowercase
---

# 19 September 2022 - Day 1

And Boostcamp begins...

## Things I Did

### 1. MT Zoom Orientation (Video On & Mic Off)
This took up nearly the entire morning. We, the 'campers', were introduced to the camp by the organizers, mentors and TAs. They covered the basic guidelines of dos and don'ts, what's expected of us and how to "check-in" and "check out" and other frequently asked questions.  

### 2. Basic Assignments and Quizzes
After lunch, since I had covered all the lectures for this week ahead of time, I went straight to work on the assignments and quizzes that were published today. There were three assignments. First was on making simple Python functions of basic math fuctions like max, min and sum. Second and Third were on text processing like capitalization, digit to word and changing underscore case to camel case. And the quizzes were basically pop quizzes on the lectures we had to watch.

### 3. First Peer Session
At 4 pm, I had my first peer session. It was of course a bit awkward at first but with some self-introduction and equally awkward zoom-meeting crashes by a few organizers and mentors, the air became a little lighter and breathable. We were given a task to make a little presentation about our team by Wednesday morning so we had things to discuss. We chose our team name, team's characteristics, our ground rules and so on.


## Things I Will Do

### Tomorrow
1. Figure out how to use Github Pages better, how to format my posts to my satisfaction and learn how to use links, highlight, and such
2. Study the book, "Mathematics for Machine Learning" ([this is the book](https://mml-book.github.io/book/mml-book.pdf))
3. Watch the later lectures on Boostcourse that were more tricky
4. Exercise in the morning
5. Use the Time Timer clock.

### Down the Line
1. Start preparing for coding tests
2. Read some research papers.

## Day in Review
It was a decent day. I was not that productive but it is understandable considering that it was the first day of school. Now that I mention "school", it is interesting how different education looks in 2022. I'm sure that nothing will beat face-to-face traditional teaching at school but online education has improved so much with so many supporting tools (Zoom, Stack, HD video streaming and even Gather Town) that I think there are enough genuinely good reasons for an educational body to choose online over offline.

I will have to work hard to get the most out of the camp. My goal for now is to make myself hire-able by the end of the camp and get a job. There is so much to do but I will take it one at a time.
