---
title: Day 3 -  and Getting better at Markdown
date: 2022-09-21 10:00:00 + 0900
categories: [Boostcamp AI Tech, Week 1]
tags: [ml, machine learning, ml, ai, artificial intelligence, python, boostcamp, 부스트캠프, ai math, markdown]	# TAG names should always be lowercase
---

> **The computing field is always in need of new cliches.** - Alan Perlis

## 통계학 맛보기

### 모수가 뭐에요?

* 통계적 모델링은 적절한 가정 위에서 확률분포를 추정(inference)하는 것.
* 유한한 개수의 데이터만 관찰해서 모집단의 분포를 정확하게 알아낸다는 것은 impossible.
* 근사적으로 확률분포를 추정
* 

### sub of number one 

## Thing I did  number two
	
## Miscellaneous

### Useful VS Code shortcuts I learned today

1. `Ctrl + K, V` = Markdown: open preview to the side (and now that I've installed Mardown All in One, it also closes it if it's open)
    *  I was actually using MarkdownPad 2 to write in a Onedrive folder and then copied it to the Github Page folder for some reason. What an unoptimal workflow
2. `Ctrl + K, Z` = Zen Mode: basically one-ups F11. It removes even more clutter that you only see the coding page.

### Here are some VS Code extensions I installed today
1. [Markdown All in One](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yzhang.markdown-all-in-one): this seems like the ultimate extension for Markdown. It has so many features:
   1. Keyboard shortcuts such as
      1. `Ctrl + B` to toggle bold
      2. `Ctrl + I` to toggle italics
      3. `Ctrl + Shift + [ or ]` to toggle heading (downlevel or uplevel)
   2. Automatically create table of contents: just run the command "Create Table of Contents" in VS Code Command Palette and see magic
   3. List editing that uses `Enter`, `Tab`, `Backspace` keys to add and indent lists deeper or shallower.
   4. Table Foramtter by the shortcut `Alt + Shift + F`
   5. Math by using [Markdown+Math](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=goessner.mdmath) extension
   6. Auto completions
   7. Ability to paste link on selected text
   8. And ability toggle "Open Preview" shortcut.
2. [Paste Image](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mushan.vscode-paste-image): this extension paste image directly (`Ctrl + Alt + V`) from clipboard to Markdown and saves the image in the folder that contains the current editing file. I actually had some trouble with the settings but I managed in the end. I better learned how this Jekyll thing works at least.
3. [Markdown Emoji](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bierner.markdown-emoji): because who doesn't like emjois.
   1. Adds support for `:emoji:` syntax to VS Code's built-in markdown preview :+1: :smile: :carrot: :rocket: :cry:
   2. Adds support for `:emoji:` to markdown cells in VS Code's notebooks.

I was very pleasantly surprised how there is so many free open source work on VS Code to improve productivity and functionality to the software. It's no wonder so many people recommend VS Code. It's an eco-system that you can't code without once you've set it up and personalized it.



-----

## Things I Will Do
### Tomorrow
1. There is the team introductory presentation in the morning
2. Study the book, "Mathematics for Machine Learning" ([this is the book](https://mml-book.github.io/book/mml-book.pdf))
3. Watch the later lectures on Boostcourse
4. Exercise in the morning
5. Use the Time Timer clock.

### Down the Line
1. Start preparing for coding tests
2. Read some research papers
3. Regular Expression.

## Day in Review
