---
title: "[boostcamp AI Tech / Level 1 - PyTorch] Day 6: :sunny: + :cocktail: = :fire:"
date: 2022-09-26 22:00:00 + 0900
categories: [boostcamp AI Tech, Level 1 / Week 2 - PyTorch]
tags: [boostcamp, pytorch, level 1, week 2, day in review]	# TAG names should always be lowercase
math: true
---

> **Men are born to succeed, not fail.** - Henry David Thoreau

- [Day in Review](#day-in-review)
  - [PyTorch lectures on boostcourse](#pytorch-lectures-on-boostcourse)
  - [Phytophotodermatitis... or in plain English, magarita burn](#phytophotodermatitis-or-in-plain-english-magarita-burn)
- [Things I Will Do](#things-i-will-do)
  - [Tomorrow](#tomorrow)
  - [Down the Line](#down-the-line)
- [Summary](#summary)

- - -

# Day in Review

## PyTorch lectures on boostcourse

I did not make a lot of progress but I did watch 3 lectures on PyTorch. The first two were basic introduction to the framework and a showcase of its syntax while the last one was on actually looking at a project template. Since it was my first time looking at such code, it was difficult for me to understand everything if any. But it's okay, repetition always helps. 

## Phytophotodermatitis... or in plain English, magarita burn

A few days ago, I woke up in the morning only to realise that I had a one to two centimeter long dark pigmentations on my right ring and pinky fingers. At first, I thought it was some dirt and tried washing it off. I was unsuccessful. And it was soon apparent that the darkening was something under the skin. Fast foward to today, during lunch break, I visited the dermatologist, who not a second after seeing my finger, and most probably my tanned arm, asked whether I went on a holiday recently. I was in disbelief; what has my holiday (which I had returned from at least a month ago) have to do with a pigmentation that occured just a few days ago. But I was also intrigued, and why wouldn't you not answer a doctor's question, and so I told him that I had been to Vietnam.

His next question was even more bizarre. He asked: 

> did you drink magarita? :joy:

What a question. But he was dead serious. I told him that I did, and he went on to explain how exposure to sunlight after getting lime juice on your skin can cause something called [**phytophotodermatitis**](https://www.healthline.com/health-news/beware-the-margarita-burn-this-summer), colloquially know as magarita burn. Phyto = plant, photo = light, and dermatitis = inflammation. Basically, a photo-sensitive chemical in lime reacts with the sun while on your skin and it burns you. Apparently, it can be so mild that you don't really feel anything at all and the "post-inflammatory pigmentation" can occur weeks after which was the case for me. And to lose the color, you just have two wait until your next batch of skin cells which would be in a couple of months.

So there you have it. Be mindful of drinking magaritas in the sun and remember the fomula :sunny: + :cocktail: = :fire:.

- - -
  
# Things I Will Do

## Tomorrow

1. Exercise and clean my room in the morning
2. 1 hour of algorithm study
3. 1 hour of research paper reading
4. Continue watching PyTorch lectures and start doing the problem sets
5. Sleep before 2 am.

## Down the Line

1. Learn Regular Expression
2. Learn what an API is
3. Learn about Git ([Crash Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGOj5yH7evk) on Youtube)
4. Read [this](https://www.gartner.com/en/articles/what-s-new-in-artificial-intelligence-from-the-2022-gartner-hype-cycle)
5. Study the book, "Mathematics for Machine Learning" ([this is the book](https://mml-book.github.io/book/mml-book.pdf))
6. Learn about the tools in Github Student Pack
7. Find which company I would want to work for.

- - -
# Summary

I had a great Monday. I am glad that I don't have skin cancer and I am excited to learn about PyTorch over the course of the week. Tomorrow I will concentrate heavily on lectures.




- - -